# Custom Field

On the Answers CRUD, we just created this cool little custom Votes template, which we then used by calling the `->setTemplatePath()` on our votes field. But we also have a votes field over on Questions, which still uses the default. I want to use this in both places. Technically, doing this is really easy. We could copy this `->setTemplatePath()`, go up and find our `QuestionCrowdController.php`, find our votes field right here, and then just paste to use that template path. But *instead*, let's create a custom field.

Since a field class like `TextareaField` or `AssociationField` defines how a field looks on the index page and details page, as well as how it's rendered on a form, a custom field is a great way to encompass a bunch of custom field configurations in one place so you can reuse it. Creating a custom field is pretty easy. Down in our `src/EasyAdmin/` directory, I'll create a new PHP class called "VotesField".

The only rule of fields is that it needs to implement `FieldInterface`. This requires us to have two methods, "new" and "getAsDto", but what you'll typically do is `use FieldTrait`. Click to open that. As you can see here, `FieldTrait` helps manage the Dto stuff, and it also has a bunch of the usual things like `setLabel`, `setValue`, `setFormattedValue` that every field shares. If you go to Code Generate, or "cmd + N" on a Mac, the only thing we need to implement is "new" method. This is really where we customize all the options on this field. As a reminder, our votes field is currently an `IntegerField`. I'll hold "cmd" or "ctrl" to open it and look at its new function. We want our new method to look very much like the `IntegerField` with a few differences, so copy all the code from `new`, close this, go to `VotesField.php`, and paste. I'll hit "Ok" to add that use statement up there.

I'll also remove `OPTION_NUMBER_FORMAT`, since we won't need it. It relates to a field configurator that I'll show you in a second. Perfect! You may have noticed that this `->setDefaultColumns()` is crossed out. That's because it's marked as "internal", meaning it's only meant to be used from *inside* of your field. *But* that's where we are, so it's *okay* to use it.

Additionally, you can customize anything you want here, like saying `->addWebpackEncoreEntires()` to add an extra Webpack Encore entry that will be included when this field is used. What *we* want to do, instead of calling `->setTemplateName()` so that it uses the normal `IntegerField`, is say `->setTemplatePath()` and then pass the same thing we have in `AnswerCrudController.php`, which is `admin/field/votes.html.twig`. Just as a reminder, "this template is used in the index and details pages", and above the form type, "this is used in the edit and new pages". That's it! Now we can go use this.

In `AnswerCrudController.php`, change this to a `VotesField`. We don't need the `->setTemplatePath()` anymore, so delete it. Then, in `QuestionCrudController.php`, do the same thing. Add `VotesField` and... done! If we wanted to, we could even put this `->setTextAlign('right')` *inside* the custom field *or* remove it.

All right, let's try it. Over in Questions, refresh and... got it! Over on the Answers page... it looks great there too! One thing to be aware of, now that we've changed this from an `IntegerField` to a `VotesField`, is if there's a specific field configurator for the `IntegerField`, it will *no* longer be used for our votes field.

And we actually have one of those. If you go back down to `/vendor/easycorp/easyadmin-bundle/src/Field/Configurator`, you'll find `IntegerConfigurator.php`, which operates *only* when the field you're using is an `IntegerField`. This configurator was being used a second ago, but it's not being used now. If you look into it, it's just doing some stuff with a custom number format, which basically allows you to control the format that the number is printed in. So we don't really need this anyway, since we're taking control of how things are printed inside of our votes template. It's just helpful to know this exists.

Next, let's learn how to configure a bit more of the CRUD itself, like how CRUD is sorted by default, pagination settings, and more.
