# Field Template

We know that these fields describe both the form type that you see on the form and also *how* that field is rendered on the detail and index pages. We also know how easy it is to costomize the form behind this. We can `->setFormType()` to use a completely different form type, or we can `->setFormTypeOption()` to configure one of the options.

You can *also* change a lot about how it *renders* on the detail and index pages. For example, let's play with this "Votes" field here. If I autocomplete the methods on this, we have options like `->setCssClass()`, `->addWebpackEncoreEntries()`, `->addHtmlContentsToBody`, and `->addHtmlContentsToHead`. There are *many* ways to customize how this field renders. You can even call `->setTemplatePath()` to completely override how this field is rendered on the index and details page, which we'll do in a moment. But also notice that there's `->setTemplatePath()` and `->setTemplateName()`. What's going on? What's the difference between these two?

To answer that question, I'm going to hit "shift" + "shift" and open up a core class from EasyAdmin called `TemplateRegistry.php`. If you don't see it, make sure you "Include non-project items". Perfect! Internally, EasyAdmin has a bunch of templates and it maintains this "map" of template names and then the *actual* templates behind them. So when you call `->setTemplateName()`, what you would pass here is some *other* template name. For example, I could pass `crud/field/money` here if I wanted to use that template instead of the normal one. But you won't need to set the template name very often. Most of the time, if you want to completely override at how a field is rendered, you're going to call `->setTemplatePath()`. Let's do that and take control of this.

When "votes" is rendered on the index and template page, I want to render a completely different template. Let's make a new one called "admin/field/votes.html.twig", and then go create that. In `templates/` I'll create a new directory called "admin/field"... and a new file called `votes.html.twig`. Inside, I don't really know what to put here yet, so I'll just put "💯 votes!" and see what happens. When we move over and refresh... there we go! We are now in complete control of the votes!

Now, you're probably wondering what we can do with this. What kind of variables do we have access to? One important thing to realize (and you can see it here in `TemplateRegistry.php`) is that every single field has a corresponding template. If you need to extend or change how a field is rendered, looking in the parent template is pretty handy. For example, this is an `IntegerField`. There's a template called "integer.html.twig". I'll close this template registry and let's actually go find it. On `vendor/easycorp/easyadmin-bundle/src/`, I'll close up `Field/` and instead open `/Resources/views/crud/field`, and *there* is the list of all of the field templates in the system. You can also see other templates here that are used to render other parts of the system, and you can override these as well.

Let's open `integer.html.twig`. You can do two things here. The first thing is three lines of comments. This is really cool! This is a way to help hint to our editor (and us) which variables we have access to. Apparently, we have access to the `field` variable, which is that very familiar `FieldDto` object we were just talking about. All the integer does is just say `field.formattedValue`. Copy these three lines into `votes.html.twig` so that we can get a little autocompletion help. And then instead of "💯 votes!", we can say `field.formattedValue`, and then just say "votes" on the other side. When we try this... beautiful! But I bet we can make this a little fancier.

If the votes are negative, let's put a little thumbs down, and if they're positive, let's put a little thumbs up. Take off the word "votes" here, and before this, we can do an "if" statement: `if field.`. What we want to get is the actual underlying value, and we can do that by saying `field.value`. So `formattedValue` is the string format that would be used to print on the page, while `value` is the actual true underlying (in this case) integer. So `if field.value >= 0`, `else`, and `endif`, and if it *is* greater than zero, I'll add a little icon here, `fas fa-thumbs-up text-success`, and I'll copy that for our little thumbs down with `text-danger`.

And just like that, we have customized how this field renders. It doesn't customize what it looks like inside of our form (that's entirely handled by the form field), but it *does* control how it's rendered on the index page, *and* the details page.

We also have a "votes" field inside of Questions. While it would be pretty easy to just point this votes field at the same template, instead of doing that, I want to create a brand new custom field in EasyAdmin. That's next.
