# Filters

Let's go log out... and then log *in* as our "super admin" user: "super admin@example.com"... "adminpass". Head back to our admin, find the Users list and... perfect! As promised, we can now see *every* user on the system. Our user list is pretty short right now, but it's going to get longer and longer. It would be nice to able to filter the records in this index section by some criteria like, for example, only show users with enabled true or enabled false. Fortunately, EasyAdmin has a system for this called "filters". Over in `UserCrudController.php`, I'll go to the bottom and override yet another method called `configureFilters`.

This looks and feels a lot like `configureFields`. We can call `->add()` and then put the name of a field like `enabled`. And that's it! If we refresh the page, watch this section around here. We have a new "Filters" button, and that opens up a modal where we can filter by whatever fields we want. Let's say "Enabled", "No" and... *all* of these are gone because *all* of my users are enabled. Now I can go and reenable that... and even clear out that filter. Notice that "enabled" in my entity is a boolean field and it detected that. It knew to make this as a "Yes" or "No" check box. Just like the field system, there are *many* different types of filters. And if you just add it via its string like this, EasyAdmin tries to guess the correct filter for you to use. Just saying `->add('enabled')` is the same as saying `->add(BooleanFilter::new('enabled'))`. If you refresh now... and check the filters... that makes no difference because that was already the field type that it was guessing.

As I mentioned earlier, filters are similar to our fields. Each filter class controls how that filter looks in the form up here, and *also* how it modifies the query for the page. Hold "cmd" and open the `BooleanFilter` class so we can look at it. You can see it has a new method, just like our fields, and this sets some basic information. The most important thing it sets are the "FormType" and "FormTypeOption". The `apply` method is the method that will be called when your filter is applied, and it's *your* job to modify the query. Up here, this is using something called a `BooleanFilterType`. I'll hold `cmd` and open that. Like all form types, this gives us a bunch of different options that we can put on it. Apparently, there's an `expanded` option, which is the reason that we're seeing this field as expanded radio buttons. Let's try changing that. Close that file... and at the end of this, I'm going to say `->setFormTypeOption('expanded', false)`. When we try that now, refresh... head to the filters and... awesome! Now the non-expanded version means it's rendered as a dropdown.

All right, let's add a couple more filters over on our Questions section. Go to `QuestionCrudController.php` and, down to the bottom, override the `configureFilters` method just like before. Start with one that's an entity relation. Every question is a many-to-one relationship to topic, so let's `->add('topic')`. Go refresh... and we get our new filter section... and "Topic" is... this cool dropdown list here where you can select whatever topic you want. If you wanted to know what options to pass to that, you'd need to know what *type* of filter that is. Just like fields, if you click on the filter class, you can see there's a `/src/Filter` directory in the bundle. So `/vendor/easycorp/easyadmin-bundle/src/Filter`, and then you can see a full list of all the filters in there. It looks like `EntityFilter.php` is probably the filter that is being used for the relationship. You can also check out whatever options you want to see how you configure them, *or* you can see how the query logic is done behind the scenes.

Okay, let's add a couple more here, like `createdAt`... `votes`... and `name`. And... no surprise. Those all show up, and the coolest thing is what they look like. The Created At field has a really easy way to check dates, or even between two dates. For Votes, you can choose "is equal", "is greater than", "is less than", etc. And Name has different types of fuzzy search that you can apply to that. *Super* powerful. We can also create our *own* custom filter class. That's as easy as creating a custom class, making implement `FilterInterface`, and using this `FilterTrait` to help. *Then* all you need to do is implement the new method where you set the form type and then the `apply()` method where you actually apply your changes to the query. Right now, we have one `AdminCrudController.php` per entity, but it's *totally* legal to have multiple CRUD controllers for the *same* entity. You may have a situation where each shows a different filtered list, but even if you don't, adding a second admin CRUD for an entity will help us dive deeper into how EasyAdmin works. That's next.
