# Form Panels

Last topic! We made it! And our admin is getting *really* customized. For this final trick, I want to look closer at the form. Almost all of this is controlled by the `Field` configuration. Each field corresponds to a Symfony form type, and then EasyAdmin renders all of those fields. It really *is* that simple. EasyAdmin comes with a custom form theme, so if you wanted to, for example, make a text type field look different in EasyAdmin, you could create a *custom* form theme template. Then this theme can be added to the `$crud` object in `configureCrud()`.

Down here, for example, we could say `->addFormTheme()`, and we can add this to just *one* one CRUD controller, *or* you could put this code into your dashboard to apply that form theme *globally* in your admin. *But*, there are a few other ways that EasyAdmin allows us to control what this page looks like, which, right now, is just a long list of fields. Over in `QuestionCrudController.php`, up in `configureFields()`... here we go... right before the `askedBy` field, I'll add a special `yield FormField::` so we're starting as normal, but instead of saying `new`, let's say `addPanel('Details')`.

Watch what this does! Refresh and... cool! "Asked By" and "Answers" appear under this "Details" header. As you can see here, `askedBy` and `answers` are the two fields that appear after our `addPanel()` call. So we get this nice little panel and then those two fields. And because the rest of these fields are not under a panel, they just kind of appear at the bottom, which *works*, *but* it doesn't look the greatest. So, when I use `addPanel()`, I'm going to put *everything* in the panel. Right after my `IdField`, which *isn't* going to appear on the form, I'll say `FormField::addPanel('Basic Data')`. Oh! And let me make sure I don't forget to `yield` that. With that set up... awesome! We have our "Basic Data" panel, all of the fields below that, then the second panel down here.

These panels have some custom methods on them, and one of the most useful is `->collapsible()`. Let's make this panel collapsible, and down here... we'll make this one collapsible too. I'm sure you can guess what this does. Yep! We get a nice way to collapse both of those sections, which is handy.

You can also customize other things, which you might be able to guess at this point, like `->setIcon('fa fa-info')`, and also `->setHelp()`, where I'll say `Additional Details`. I actually meant to put this down on the other panels, so let me grab this really quick, find my other panel... here we go... and paste it here. If we go over and check those, down here on our Additional Details... cool! A little "help" icon there!

By the way, the changes we're making not only affect the form page, but also the Show page. If I go and look at a Show page for one of these, you can see that the same organizations are happening here, which is nice. *Or*, instead of panels, you can use tabs. Change `addPanel()` to `addTab()`, and then down here, do the same thing: `addTab()`. When we refresh now... that shows up as two separate tabs. The `->collapsible()` doesn't really make sense here anymore, since we switched to organizing our content with tabs. It's still being called, but it no longer has any effect, so let's remove that.

You also may have noticed that we lost our icon. We know we have this cool little `fa fa-info` icon, but it's not showing up here. Or *is* it? If you look closely, it *is* showing up. There's some space here, and if you inspect the element, there *is* an icon there, but it looks a little weird. It has an extra `fa-fa` for some reason. We can fix this by simply changing the icon to `info`. This is... sort of a bug. It's a little inconsistent, but when you use tabs, EasyAdmin adds the `fa` for you. So all we need is `info` in anticipation of the `fa`, which will show up right there. Watch! When I refresh... there! We get `fa-info` and now our icon shows up.

The last thing we can do, instead of having this long list of fields, is put the fields next to each other. You have some control over the columns on this page, and to show this off, I'm going to move my `name` field above my `slug` field. That won't make *too* much of a difference. And now let's see if we can put these fields *next* to each other. We're using bootstrap, which means there's 12 invisible columns on each page. So, on `name`, I'll say `->setColumns(5)` and then, down here on `slug`, I'll do the same thing: `->setColumns(5)`. I could also say `6` and use *all* of the space, but we'll stick with `5` and give it some room. Refresh again and... very nice! Our fields are floating next to each other. This is a great way to help this page make a little more sense for our users.

And that's it, friends! We are *done*! This was fun! We should do it again sometime. I *love* EasyAdmin, and we here at SymfonyCasts are *super* proud of the admin section we built with it, which includes *a lot* of custom stuff. Let us know what you're building! And as always, we're here for you down in the Comments section with any questions, ideas, or delicious recipes that you might have. All right, see you next time!
